README.md, before:

# FlashCards
-------------


A console-operated round for challenging user with information regarding built-in Array class methods in javaScript.

## Getting Started

1. **Fork** this project on github.  In your console(terminal)
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:percworld/flashcards.git
  ```
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
   npm install
  ```
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
  npm open index.js
  ```

2. You will see an intro to the challenge:

![welcome-field](assets/README-7df21ae3.png)

## Answer a FlashCard

### 1.  When you are ready to answer the question:
  * use the **numbers** on your keyboard to choose the correct answer
  * **OR** your **arrow keys** to scroll among them
  * Press `Enter`

#### 2. You will recieve feedback about the status of your guess.

![](assets/README-9b285660.png)

#### 3. Continue until you have reached the end of the Round

  * You will see a notification of the percentage of answers you correctly guessed.

  ![](assets/README-acf9246b.png)

#### 4. *Hit `Ctrl - C` at any point to exit.*

#### 5. Begin another round by running

```bash
node index.js
```
---
###  Link to this project's gitHub board: [Project Board](https://github.com/users/percworld/projects/2)
---



### Turing Takeaways

---
##### The iterations of this project consisted of creating a Card, a Deck of cards, a Turn, a Round, and a Game instantiated by the index file called upon from terminal.
#### Some documentation that proved quite helpful:
* [My Array Method notepad (Bulldozers and Lazers)](https://www.notion.so/8c3da3bd4abc4b22af986586986860bb?v=cd56018ad2964166a60195480546f1c8)
* [Chai Assertions](https://www.chaijs.com/api/bdd/)
* [List of Lint rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
* [Ye Olde Require Modules of Node.js](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/requiring-modules-in-node-js-everything-you-need-to-know-e7fbd119be8/)
* [How to Use Ye Olde es6 Modules](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-es6-modules-and-why-theyre-important-a9b20b480773/)
* [Folder Components](https://medium.com/bootstart/you-should-be-using-folder-components-b30b7d165c39)  (Read while researching Index.js functions)

Commit message:

Add extra rounds loop for challengers who do not get at least 90% correct

README.md, after:

# FlashCards
-------------


A console-operated round for challenging user with information regarding built-in Array class methods in javaScript.

## Getting Started

1. **Fork** this project on github.  In your console(terminal)
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:percworld/flashcards.git
  ```
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
   npm install
  ```
  * **run** this code:
  ```bash
  npm open index.js
  ```

2. You will see an intro to the challenge:

![welcome-field](assets/README-7df21ae3.png)

## Answer a FlashCard

### 1.  When you are ready to answer the question:
  * use the **numbers** on your keyboard to choose the correct answer
  * **OR** your **arrow keys** to scroll among them
  * Press `Enter`

#### 2. You will recieve feedback about the status of your guess.

![](assets/README-9b285660.png)

#### 3. Continue until you have reached the end of the Round

  * You will see a notification of the percentage of answers you correctly guessed.

  ![](assets/README-acf9246b.png)

#### 4. *Hit `Ctrl - C` at any point to exit.*

#### 5. I you score an 'A', congratulations! Begin another round by running

```bash
node index.js
```

#### 6. However, if you have not scored above 90% it is time for you to give it another go.  You will be notified to "Try again until you get 90% correct!"

---
###  Link to this project's gitHub board: [Project Board](https://github.com/users/percworld/projects/2)
---



### Turing Takeaways

---
##### The iterations of this project consisted of creating a Card, a Deck of cards, a Turn, a Round, and a Game instantiated by the index file called upon from terminal.
#### Some documentation that proved quite helpful:
* [My Array Method notepad (Bulldozers and Lazers)](https://www.notion.so/8c3da3bd4abc4b22af986586986860bb?v=cd56018ad2964166a60195480546f1c8)
* [Chai Assertions](https://www.chaijs.com/api/bdd/)
* [List of Lint rules](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/)
* [Ye Olde Require Modules of Node.js](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/requiring-modules-in-node-js-everything-you-need-to-know-e7fbd119be8/)
* [How to Use Ye Olde es6 Modules](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-use-es6-modules-and-why-theyre-important-a9b20b480773/)
* [Folder Components](https://medium.com/bootstart/you-should-be-using-folder-components-b30b7d165c39)  (Read while researching Index.js functions)
